IBM Cloud Satellite provides the ability to deploy Kubernetes resources to Red Hat OpenShift on IBM Cloud clusters that run in your Satellite Locations or in IBM Cloud. This capability is called Satellite Config. You can learn more about Satellite Config <a href="https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/satellite?topic=satellite-cluster-config#satcon-terminology" target="_blank">here</a>. Satellite Config is a continuous delivery tool based on the Razee open source project. You can learn more about Razee <a href="https://razee.io" target="_blank">here</a>.

There are 4 key concepts you should be familiar with. They are:

- Cluster groups
 
A cluster group specifies a set of Red Hat OpenShift on IBM Cloud clusters that are registered with the Satellite Config component and that are included in a Satellite configuration. Red Hat OpenShift on IBM Cloud clusters that run in your location are automatically registered and can be added to a cluster group. Clusters that run in IBM Cloud must be manually registered with the Satellite Config component before you can add them to a cluster group.

- Configuration

A Satellite configuration lets you upload or create Kubernetes resource YAML file versions that you want to deploy to a group of Red Hat OpenShift on IBM Cloud clusters. The version that you upload is not applied to your cluster until you add a subscription to your configuration. 
  
- Version

A version represents a Kubernetes resource YAML file that you uploaded or manually created for a Satellite configuration. You can include any Kubernetes resource in your version and upload as many versions to a configuration as you like. For help developing a Kubernetes YAML file, see Developing apps to run on OpenShift. To create a version, see Creating Satellite configurations.
  
- Subscription

A Satellite subscription is created for a Satellite configuration and specifies which version of the Kubernetes resource that you uploaded is deployed to one or more cluster groups. The Red Hat OpenShift on IBM Cloud clusters in your cluster group can exist in your Satellite or in IBM Cloud. 
  
Up until now, the demonstrations you have gone through have been focused on creating satellite locations and deploying Red Hat OpenShift on IBM Cloud to a Satellite Location. While these are good demonstrations, they do not highlight key business values of IBM Cloud Satellite. In this demonstration, you will learn to demonstrate one of the strong values of IBM Cloud Satellite... the ability to easily deploy and update applications across IBM Cloud Satellite Locations.

**Note:** The images in this demonstration guide may differ from what you see when performing the steps. This will typically be due to changes in the IBM Cloud portal user interface, additional objects in lists, etc. These differences should not affect the demonstration. If you encounter issues, use the **Help** link at top right of the demonstration guide to report issues.

The following acronyms are used throughout this demonstration guide:
- YAML - Yet Another Markup Language
- AWS - Amazon Web Services

[Next >](gotoLink|01.02 The Food Delivery Application.md) 
